>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go
through this challenge real quick.
But for the sake of time, I'm going
to do a bit of just copy and pasting,
because it is quite a bit of repetitious.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Work.
So I'm just going to copy this and
we'll just go here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Oops.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now what's interesting
about this is, quite frankly,
the only thing that changes
is the parameter.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we'll just go here,
let's just replace this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So update these
primers here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm
not for sure.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You know what?
I know how to solve this problem,
because I just ran into it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Make
sure that you have imported headers,
or you will run into some problems.
And from here's, let's go into our
widgets component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
let's kind of fill this out.
So.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: When
we call.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm gonna kinda change
the order of this around a bit.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're going to say,
if widget doesn't have an id,
then let's call create widget.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
just pass it through.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If it does have
an idea,
we'll call updateWidget on past history.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And then,
we'll do create widget.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
again, because we're doing small fine
grade functions, I would say that
the level of complexity on the JavaScript
itself is probably a three out of ten.
And so there's a lot of kind of these
really simple functions that we're
putting together,
to build a master detailed view that
pretty much can do almost everything else.
So any line of business have is
generally a variation of this.
So from here,
we'll just go this.widgetService.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And we'll call create.
And we just pass send.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then we'll go to here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's subscribe.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is going to take
a result which we're not going to use,
because instead what we're going
to do is.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Just rehydrated it and
reset the currently selected widget.
I'm going to copy this, cuz I'm going
to need it again in just a second.
So, update widget, this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: widgetService.update,
pass the (widget) in.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: .subscribe.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And actually you just
drop this in, this is the same.
And for delete.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go ahead and
check this as well.
So widget.Service.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: delete.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: (widget).
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And well go like this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This trailing
whitespace.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I feel like morally
responsible because it's in the TSLint
that I should like leave it there,
I really, like there's like a really good
reason that I just don't know about.
And, create, create, create,
create.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
I think this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I have a good feeling
about this.
Let's try it out.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So it showed up here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
check our actual JSON and
see if it actually got wrote to it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah.
Let's go back here.
Let's select it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Update it.
I'm pretty excited about this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, it's saved.
Obviously, it can read and
then we'll go here.
And.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It
deleted it, let's see if it, boom, done.
Create, read, update, delete.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
you can see it reflected in db.json.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now,
one thing you could do.
This is just me musing out loud, as I'm
kind of typing these things over and over
is, you know it's like these three
methods currently are identical.
Except for this one thing.
And so you could almost do
something like action(widget,
or action) let's do something like execute
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then use something
like this.widgetService[action](widget).
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This
is all hypothetical.
Till I try it.
I think I will.
All right,
let's see what happens just for fun.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Create.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: See what happens.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's pretty cool.
So, one of the things
that I do wrestle with,
especially as an instructor,
is sometimes you can get so clever
that your true intention is kind
of obscured in your cleverness.
And I think writing code
that's easy to read.
That communicates intent is way, way, way,
way, way better in being clever and cute.
So to that end, because JavaScript is
this really amazing dynamic language,
you can do things like,
where that I even put in?
I'm looking right at it, like this and
I'm dynamically calling a method
on the fly by passing in the action
that I actually wanna do.
But, if somebody looked at this and
they're like.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There's gonna be this
second of well, what is action?
What is it?
What's happening here, as opposed
to somebody looks at widget.create.
Just immediately,
they're gonna know what it is.
And so this is why even I will
sometimes favor verbosity.
And as you type things out, because it's
2017, our computers are super, super fast.
And, we're not actually counting but, it's
like we have managed garbage collection,
things like that.
So, I would much rather, in most cases,
see widgetService.create.
You immediately know what that does.
As opposed to,
widgetService, like, action.
Because it's like well,
I think I know what that does.
It's even hard, because I know
what it does cuz I wrote it.
But, it would be interesting to pull some
program out of the hall and be like hey,
what do you think this does?
Three, two, one, go.
And the first question they're
gonna ask is like, what is action?
Or they're gonna have some
prior knowledge to it.
So, just something to consider.
>> Speaker 2: In case
of nested objects, like employee address.
So an employee has multiple address.
So you would have,
would he have a single service and
you do the mapping and all of that
object handling on the server side?
or you do it in the component and
then pass?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So-
>> Speaker 2: Where does that
mapping logic set?
Does it set in the component or
the service?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I would definitely
not do it in the component.
So the question is,
if you have a complex data object that is
it has nested objects within itself.
And, where do you map that together?
And the answer to that is,
certainly not in the component.
A component should get a data structure,
and immediately be able to render it.
Because to map those together,
that is business logic.
If there's someone saying like,
because I understand the business
model I know that this, like you know,
a user has a policy but
they also have this other thing over here.
So, I would do that definitely in
a server, or a service rather.
I might have like a helper function
that does just that mapping.
So I'm a huge fan of having classes and
services do one thing.
So I might have,
depending on the complexity of the logic,
I might have a single service considered
lightweight handle that mapping.
Now with that said,
I would do this in Redux,
and I would do it one of two ways,
using observable.combinelatest.
so it takes basically
multiple data structures, and
when either one of them
updates you then can,
basically it's computed data,
you can basically re-compute the data.
And then expose it to the rest
of your app via an observable.
Or, I would use reselect, which is,
it's actually a reactant
that you can use in NGRX.
And it does the same exact thing.
It's when you take multiple data
structures and you just combine them
together, using a comparator function.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
these higher order functions, first of
all with JavaScript using map find.
Filter these things.
Like those are amazing.
But then you have those
as well with observables.
And you can kinda do
a lot of the same things.